Require encryption (#168)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip: draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip.md

Similarly, successful IP proxying responses also do not carry any message
content.

> IP proxying over HTTP MUST use TLS or QUIC encryption, or another equivalent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IP proxying over HTTP MUST be operated over TLS or QUIC encryption, or another equivalent
```
